README.md, before:

# Azure Storage Account Terraform Module

Terraform Module to create an Azure storage account with a set of containers (and access level), set of file shares (and quota), tables, queues, Network policies and, lifecycle management, private endpoints, Azure Monitor diagnostics as well as RBAC roles assignments.

> This module is built with a composition pattern and is mainly based on https://github.com/kumarvna/terraform-azurerm-storage. For more information and more detailed documentation on configuration options, please visit the module link.


![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-%235835CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)

![License](https://badgen.net/github/license/getindata/terraform-azurerm-storage-account/)
![Release](https://badgen.net/github/release/getindata/terraform-azurerm-storage-account/)

<p align="center">
  <img height="150" src="https://getindata.com/img/logo.svg">
  <h3 align="center">We help companies turn their data into assets</h3>
</p>

---

## Usage
```terraform
module "resource_group" {
  source  = "getindata/resource-group/azurerm"
  version = "1.1.0"
  context = module.this.context

  name     = "example-rg"
  location = "West Europe"
}

module "storage_account" {
  source  = "getindata/resource-group/azurerm"
  version = "1.0.0"
  context = module.this.context

  name = "example"

  location            = module.resource_group.location
  resource_group_name = module.resource_group.name

  # Container lists with access_type to create
  containers_list = [
    {
      name        = "container"
      access_type = "private"
    }
  ]

  depends_on = [module.resource_group]
}
```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->




## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_access_tier"></a> [access\_tier](#input\_access\_tier) | Defines the access tier for BlobStorage and StorageV2 accounts. Valid options are Hot and Cool. | `string` | `"Hot"` | no |
| <a name="input_account_kind"></a> [account\_kind](#input\_account\_kind) | The type of storage account. Valid options are BlobStorage, BlockBlobStorage, FileStorage, Storage and StorageV2. | `string` | `"StorageV2"` | no |
| <a name="input_additional_tag_map"></a> [additional\_tag\_map](#input\_additional\_tag\_map) | Additional key-value pairs to add to each map in `tags_as_list_of_maps`. Not added to `tags` or `id`.<br>This is for some rare cases where resources want additional configuration of tags<br>and therefore take a list of maps with tag key, value, and additional configuration. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_attributes"></a> [attributes](#input\_attributes) | ID element. Additional attributes (e.g. `workers` or `cluster`) to add to `id`,<br>in the order they appear in the list. New attributes are appended to the<br>end of the list. The elements of the list are joined by the `delimiter`<br>and treated as a single ID element. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_blob_soft_delete_retention_days"></a> [blob\_soft\_delete\_retention\_days](#input\_blob\_soft\_delete\_retention\_days) | Specifies the number of days that the blob should be retained, between `1` and `365` days. Defaults to `7` | `number` | `7` | no |
| <a name="input_change_feed_enabled"></a> [change\_feed\_enabled](#input\_change\_feed\_enabled) | Is the blob service properties for change feed events enabled? | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_container_soft_delete_retention_days"></a> [container\_soft\_delete\_retention\_days](#input\_container\_soft\_delete\_retention\_days) | Specifies the number of days that the blob should be retained, between `1` and `365` days. Defaults to `7` | `number` | `7` | no |
| <a name="input_containers_list"></a> [containers\_list](#input\_containers\_list) | List of containers to create and their access levels. | `list(object({ name = string, access_type = string }))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_context"></a> [context](#input\_context) | Single object for setting entire context at once.<br>See description of individual variables for details.<br>Leave string and numeric variables as `null` to use default value.<br>Individual variable settings (non-null) override settings in context object,<br>except for attributes, tags, and additional\_tag\_map, which are merged. | `any` | <pre>{<br>  "additional_tag_map": {},<br>  "attributes": [],<br>  "delimiter": null,<br>  "descriptor_formats": {},<br>  "enabled": true,<br>  "environment": null,<br>  "id_length_limit": null,<br>  "label_key_case": null,<br>  "label_order": [],<br>  "label_value_case": null,<br>  "labels_as_tags": [<br>    "unset"<br>  ],<br>  "name": null,<br>  "namespace": null,<br>  "regex_replace_chars": null,<br>  "stage": null,<br>  "tags": {},<br>  "tenant": null<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_delimiter"></a> [delimiter](#input\_delimiter) | Delimiter to be used between ID elements.<br>Defaults to `-` (hyphen). Set to `""` to use no delimiter at all. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_descriptor_formats"></a> [descriptor\_formats](#input\_descriptor\_formats) | Describe additional descriptors to be output in the `descriptors` output map.<br>Map of maps. Keys are names of descriptors. Values are maps of the form<br>`{<br>   format = string<br>   labels = list(string)<br>}`<br>(Type is `any` so the map values can later be enhanced to provide additional options.)<br>`format` is a Terraform format string to be passed to the `format()` function.<br>`labels` is a list of labels, in order, to pass to `format()` function.<br>Label values will be normalized before being passed to `format()` so they will be<br>identical to how they appear in `id`.<br>Default is `{}` (`descriptors` output will be empty). | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_diagnostics_log_analytics_workspace_id"></a> [diagnostics\_log\_analytics\_workspace\_id](#input\_diagnostics\_log\_analytics\_workspace\_id) | Resource ID of the log analytics workspace. Used for diagnostics logs and metrics. If not provided, diagnostics will not be enabled | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_advanced_threat_protection"></a> [enable\_advanced\_threat\_protection](#input\_enable\_advanced\_threat\_protection) | Boolean flag which controls if advanced threat protection is enabled. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_versioning"></a> [enable\_versioning](#input\_enable\_versioning) | Is versioning enabled? Default to `false` | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enabled"></a> [enabled](#input\_enabled) | Set to false to prevent the module from creating any resources | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | ID element. Usually used for region e.g. 'uw2', 'us-west-2', OR role 'prod', 'staging', 'dev', 'UAT' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_file_shares"></a> [file\_shares](#input\_file\_shares) | List of containers to create and their access levels. | `list(object({ name = string, quota = number }))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_id_length_limit"></a> [id\_length\_limit](#input\_id\_length\_limit) | Limit `id` to this many characters (minimum 6).<br>Set to `0` for unlimited length.<br>Set to `null` for keep the existing setting, which defaults to `0`.<br>Does not affect `id_full`. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_key_case"></a> [label\_key\_case](#input\_label\_key\_case) | Controls the letter case of the `tags` keys (label names) for tags generated by this module.<br>Does not affect keys of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper`.<br>Default value: `title`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_order"></a> [label\_order](#input\_label\_order) | The order in which the labels (ID elements) appear in the `id`.<br>Defaults to ["namespace", "environment", "stage", "name", "attributes"].<br>You can omit any of the 6 labels ("tenant" is the 6th), but at least one must be present. | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_value_case"></a> [label\_value\_case](#input\_label\_value\_case) | Controls the letter case of ID elements (labels) as included in `id`,<br>set as tag values, and output by this module individually.<br>Does not affect values of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper` and `none` (no transformation).<br>Set this to `title` and set `delimiter` to `""` to yield Pascal Case IDs.<br>Default value: `lower`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_labels_as_tags"></a> [labels\_as\_tags](#input\_labels\_as\_tags) | Set of labels (ID elements) to include as tags in the `tags` output.<br>Default is to include all labels.<br>Tags with empty values will not be included in the `tags` output.<br>Set to `[]` to suppress all generated tags.<br>**Notes:**<br>  The value of the `name` tag, if included, will be the `id`, not the `name`.<br>  Unlike other `null-label` inputs, the initial setting of `labels_as_tags` cannot be<br>  changed in later chained modules. Attempts to change it will be silently ignored. | `set(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "default"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_last_access_time_enabled"></a> [last\_access\_time\_enabled](#input\_last\_access\_time\_enabled) | Is the last access time based tracking enabled? Default to `false` | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_lifecycles"></a> [lifecycles](#input\_lifecycles) | Configure Azure Storage lifecycles | `list(object({ prefix_match = set(string), tier_to_cool_after_days = number, tier_to_archive_after_days = number, delete_after_days = number, snapshot_delete_after_days = number }))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | Azure datacenter location, where resources will be deployed | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_managed_identity_ids"></a> [managed\_identity\_ids](#input\_managed\_identity\_ids) | A list of User Managed Identity ID's which should be assigned to the Linux Virtual Machine. | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_managed_identity_type"></a> [managed\_identity\_type](#input\_managed\_identity\_type) | The type of Managed Identity which should be assigned to the Linux Virtual Machine. Possible values are `SystemAssigned`, `UserAssigned` and `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_min_tls_version"></a> [min\_tls\_version](#input\_min\_tls\_version) | The minimum supported TLS version for the storage account | `string` | `"TLS1_2"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | ID element. Usually the component or solution name, e.g. 'app' or 'jenkins'.<br>This is the only ID element not also included as a `tag`.<br>The "name" tag is set to the full `id` string. There is no tag with the value of the `name` input. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | ID element. Usually an abbreviation of your organization name, e.g. 'eg' or 'cp', to help ensure generated IDs are globally unique | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_network_rules"></a> [network\_rules](#input\_network\_rules) | Network rules restricing access to the storage account. | `object({ bypass = list(string), ip_rules = list(string), subnet_ids = list(string) })` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_private_endpoint_enabled"></a> [private\_endpoint\_enabled](#input\_private\_endpoint\_enabled) | Should Private Endpoint for this storage account be enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_private_endpoint_private_dns_zone_ids"></a> [private\_endpoint\_private\_dns\_zone\_ids](#input\_private\_endpoint\_private\_dns\_zone\_ids) | Private DNS Zone Ids associated with the Private Endpoint. They need to match the subresource name | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_private_endpoint_subnet_id"></a> [private\_endpoint\_subnet\_id](#input\_private\_endpoint\_subnet\_id) | Subnet ID associated with the Private Endpoint | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_private_endpoint_subresource_name"></a> [private\_endpoint\_subresource\_name](#input\_private\_endpoint\_subresource\_name) | Subresource name for the Private Endpoint | `string` | `"blob"` | no |
| <a name="input_queues"></a> [queues](#input\_queues) | List of storages queues | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_regex_replace_chars"></a> [regex\_replace\_chars](#input\_regex\_replace\_chars) | Terraform regular expression (regex) string.<br>Characters matching the regex will be removed from the ID elements.<br>If not set, `"/[^a-zA-Z0-9-]/"` is used to remove all characters other than hyphens, letters and digits. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | A container that holds related resources for an Azure solution | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_skuname"></a> [skuname](#input\_skuname) | The SKUs supported by Microsoft Azure Storage. Valid options are Premium\_LRS, Premium\_ZRS, Standard\_GRS, Standard\_GZRS, Standard\_LRS, Standard\_RAGRS, Standard\_RAGZRS, Standard\_ZRS | `string` | `"Standard_RAGRS"` | no |
| <a name="input_stage"></a> [stage](#input\_stage) | ID element. Usually used to indicate role, e.g. 'prod', 'staging', 'source', 'build', 'test', 'deploy', 'release' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_blob_data_contributors"></a> [storage\_blob\_data\_contributors](#input\_storage\_blob\_data\_contributors) | List of principal IDs that will have data contributor role | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_blob_data_readers"></a> [storage\_blob\_data\_readers](#input\_storage\_blob\_data\_readers) | List of principal IDs that will have data reader role | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tables"></a> [tables](#input\_tables) | List of storage tables. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Additional tags (e.g. `{'BusinessUnit': 'XYZ'}`).<br>Neither the tag keys nor the tag values will be modified by this module. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_tenant"></a> [tenant](#input\_tenant) | ID element \_(Rarely used, not included by default)\_. A customer identifier, indicating who this instance of a resource is for | `string` | `null` | no |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_diagnostic_settings"></a> [diagnostic\_settings](#module\_diagnostic\_settings) | claranet/diagnostic-settings/azurerm | 5.0.0 |
| <a name="module_storage"></a> [storage](#module\_storage) | kumarvna/storage/azurerm | 2.5.0 |
| <a name="module_this"></a> [this](#module\_this) | cloudposse/label/null | 0.25.0 |
| <a name="module_this_private_endpoint_label"></a> [this\_private\_endpoint\_label](#module\_this\_private\_endpoint\_label) | cloudposse/label/null | 0.25.0 |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#output\_resource\_group\_name) | The name of the resource group in which resources are created |
| <a name="output_storage_account_id"></a> [storage\_account\_id](#output\_storage\_account\_id) | The ID of the storage account. |
| <a name="output_storage_account_name"></a> [storage\_account\_name](#output\_storage\_account\_name) | The name of the storage account. |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | >= 3.0 |

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | >= 3.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_private_endpoint.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.storage_blob_data_readers](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

## CONTRIBUTING

Contributions are very welcomed!

Start by reviewing [contribution guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) and our [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). After that, start coding and ship your changes by creating a new PR.

## LICENSE

Apache 2 Licensed. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for full details.

## AUTHORS

<!--- Replace repository name -->
<a href="https://github.com/getindata/REPO_NAME/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=getindata/terraform-module-template" />
</a>

Made with [contrib.rocks](https://contrib.rocks).

Commit message:

feat: Add optional resource group module

README.md, after:

# Azure Storage Account Terraform Module

Terraform Module to create an Azure storage account with a set of containers (and access level), set of file shares (and quota), tables, queues, Network policies and, lifecycle management, private endpoints, Azure Monitor diagnostics as well as RBAC roles assignments.

> This module is built with a composition pattern and is mainly based on https://github.com/kumarvna/terraform-azurerm-storage. For more information and more detailed documentation on configuration options, please visit the module link.


![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-%235835CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)

![License](https://badgen.net/github/license/getindata/terraform-azurerm-storage-account/)
![Release](https://badgen.net/github/release/getindata/terraform-azurerm-storage-account/)

<p align="center">
  <img height="150" src="https://getindata.com/img/logo.svg">
  <h3 align="center">We help companies turn their data into assets</h3>
</p>

---

## Usage
```terraform
module "resource_group" {
  source  = "getindata/resource-group/azurerm"
  version = "1.1.0"
  context = module.this.context

  name     = "example-rg"
  location = "West Europe"
}

module "storage_account" {
  source  = "getindata/resource-group/azurerm"
  version = "1.0.0"
  context = module.this.context

  name = "example"

  location            = module.resource_group.location
  resource_group_name = module.resource_group.name

  # Container lists with access_type to create
  containers_list = [
    {
      name        = "container"
      access_type = "private"
    }
  ]

  depends_on = [module.resource_group]
}
```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->




## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_access_tier"></a> [access\_tier](#input\_access\_tier) | Defines the access tier for BlobStorage and StorageV2 accounts. Valid options are Hot and Cool. | `string` | `"Hot"` | no |
| <a name="input_account_kind"></a> [account\_kind](#input\_account\_kind) | The type of storage account. Valid options are BlobStorage, BlockBlobStorage, FileStorage, Storage and StorageV2. | `string` | `"StorageV2"` | no |
| <a name="input_additional_tag_map"></a> [additional\_tag\_map](#input\_additional\_tag\_map) | Additional key-value pairs to add to each map in `tags_as_list_of_maps`. Not added to `tags` or `id`.<br>This is for some rare cases where resources want additional configuration of tags<br>and therefore take a list of maps with tag key, value, and additional configuration. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_attributes"></a> [attributes](#input\_attributes) | ID element. Additional attributes (e.g. `workers` or `cluster`) to add to `id`,<br>in the order they appear in the list. New attributes are appended to the<br>end of the list. The elements of the list are joined by the `delimiter`<br>and treated as a single ID element. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_blob_soft_delete_retention_days"></a> [blob\_soft\_delete\_retention\_days](#input\_blob\_soft\_delete\_retention\_days) | Specifies the number of days that the blob should be retained, between `1` and `365` days. Defaults to `7` | `number` | `7` | no |
| <a name="input_change_feed_enabled"></a> [change\_feed\_enabled](#input\_change\_feed\_enabled) | Is the blob service properties for change feed events enabled? | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_container_soft_delete_retention_days"></a> [container\_soft\_delete\_retention\_days](#input\_container\_soft\_delete\_retention\_days) | Specifies the number of days that the blob should be retained, between `1` and `365` days. Defaults to `7` | `number` | `7` | no |
| <a name="input_containers_list"></a> [containers\_list](#input\_containers\_list) | List of containers to create and their access levels. | `list(object({ name = string, access_type = string }))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_context"></a> [context](#input\_context) | Single object for setting entire context at once.<br>See description of individual variables for details.<br>Leave string and numeric variables as `null` to use default value.<br>Individual variable settings (non-null) override settings in context object,<br>except for attributes, tags, and additional\_tag\_map, which are merged. | `any` | <pre>{<br>  "additional_tag_map": {},<br>  "attributes": [],<br>  "delimiter": null,<br>  "descriptor_formats": {},<br>  "enabled": true,<br>  "environment": null,<br>  "id_length_limit": null,<br>  "label_key_case": null,<br>  "label_order": [],<br>  "label_value_case": null,<br>  "labels_as_tags": [<br>    "unset"<br>  ],<br>  "name": null,<br>  "namespace": null,<br>  "regex_replace_chars": null,<br>  "stage": null,<br>  "tags": {},<br>  "tenant": null<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_create_resource_group"></a> [create\_resource\_group](#input\_create\_resource\_group) | Whether to create resource group and use it for storage resources | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_delimiter"></a> [delimiter](#input\_delimiter) | Delimiter to be used between ID elements.<br>Defaults to `-` (hyphen). Set to `""` to use no delimiter at all. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_descriptor_formats"></a> [descriptor\_formats](#input\_descriptor\_formats) | Describe additional descriptors to be output in the `descriptors` output map.<br>Map of maps. Keys are names of descriptors. Values are maps of the form<br>`{<br>   format = string<br>   labels = list(string)<br>}`<br>(Type is `any` so the map values can later be enhanced to provide additional options.)<br>`format` is a Terraform format string to be passed to the `format()` function.<br>`labels` is a list of labels, in order, to pass to `format()` function.<br>Label values will be normalized before being passed to `format()` so they will be<br>identical to how they appear in `id`.<br>Default is `{}` (`descriptors` output will be empty). | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_diagnostics_log_analytics_workspace_id"></a> [diagnostics\_log\_analytics\_workspace\_id](#input\_diagnostics\_log\_analytics\_workspace\_id) | Resource ID of the log analytics workspace. Used for diagnostics logs and metrics. If not provided, diagnostics will not be enabled | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_advanced_threat_protection"></a> [enable\_advanced\_threat\_protection](#input\_enable\_advanced\_threat\_protection) | Boolean flag which controls if advanced threat protection is enabled. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_versioning"></a> [enable\_versioning](#input\_enable\_versioning) | Is versioning enabled? Default to `false` | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enabled"></a> [enabled](#input\_enabled) | Set to false to prevent the module from creating any resources | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | ID element. Usually used for region e.g. 'uw2', 'us-west-2', OR role 'prod', 'staging', 'dev', 'UAT' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_file_shares"></a> [file\_shares](#input\_file\_shares) | List of containers to create and their access levels. | `list(object({ name = string, quota = number }))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_id_length_limit"></a> [id\_length\_limit](#input\_id\_length\_limit) | Limit `id` to this many characters (minimum 6).<br>Set to `0` for unlimited length.<br>Set to `null` for keep the existing setting, which defaults to `0`.<br>Does not affect `id_full`. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_key_case"></a> [label\_key\_case](#input\_label\_key\_case) | Controls the letter case of the `tags` keys (label names) for tags generated by this module.<br>Does not affect keys of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper`.<br>Default value: `title`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_order"></a> [label\_order](#input\_label\_order) | The order in which the labels (ID elements) appear in the `id`.<br>Defaults to ["namespace", "environment", "stage", "name", "attributes"].<br>You can omit any of the 6 labels ("tenant" is the 6th), but at least one must be present. | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_value_case"></a> [label\_value\_case](#input\_label\_value\_case) | Controls the letter case of ID elements (labels) as included in `id`,<br>set as tag values, and output by this module individually.<br>Does not affect values of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper` and `none` (no transformation).<br>Set this to `title` and set `delimiter` to `""` to yield Pascal Case IDs.<br>Default value: `lower`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_labels_as_tags"></a> [labels\_as\_tags](#input\_labels\_as\_tags) | Set of labels (ID elements) to include as tags in the `tags` output.<br>Default is to include all labels.<br>Tags with empty values will not be included in the `tags` output.<br>Set to `[]` to suppress all generated tags.<br>**Notes:**<br>  The value of the `name` tag, if included, will be the `id`, not the `name`.<br>  Unlike other `null-label` inputs, the initial setting of `labels_as_tags` cannot be<br>  changed in later chained modules. Attempts to change it will be silently ignored. | `set(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "default"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_last_access_time_enabled"></a> [last\_access\_time\_enabled](#input\_last\_access\_time\_enabled) | Is the last access time based tracking enabled? Default to `false` | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_lifecycles"></a> [lifecycles](#input\_lifecycles) | Configure Azure Storage lifecycles | `list(object({ prefix_match = set(string), tier_to_cool_after_days = number, tier_to_archive_after_days = number, delete_after_days = number, snapshot_delete_after_days = number }))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | Azure datacenter location, where resources will be deployed | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_managed_identity_ids"></a> [managed\_identity\_ids](#input\_managed\_identity\_ids) | A list of User Managed Identity ID's which should be assigned to the Linux Virtual Machine. | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_managed_identity_type"></a> [managed\_identity\_type](#input\_managed\_identity\_type) | The type of Managed Identity which should be assigned to the Linux Virtual Machine. Possible values are `SystemAssigned`, `UserAssigned` and `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_min_tls_version"></a> [min\_tls\_version](#input\_min\_tls\_version) | The minimum supported TLS version for the storage account | `string` | `"TLS1_2"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | ID element. Usually the component or solution name, e.g. 'app' or 'jenkins'.<br>This is the only ID element not also included as a `tag`.<br>The "name" tag is set to the full `id` string. There is no tag with the value of the `name` input. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | ID element. Usually an abbreviation of your organization name, e.g. 'eg' or 'cp', to help ensure generated IDs are globally unique | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_network_rules"></a> [network\_rules](#input\_network\_rules) | Network rules restricing access to the storage account. | `object({ bypass = list(string), ip_rules = list(string), subnet_ids = list(string) })` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_private_endpoint_enabled"></a> [private\_endpoint\_enabled](#input\_private\_endpoint\_enabled) | Should Private Endpoint for this storage account be enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_private_endpoint_private_dns_zone_ids"></a> [private\_endpoint\_private\_dns\_zone\_ids](#input\_private\_endpoint\_private\_dns\_zone\_ids) | Private DNS Zone Ids associated with the Private Endpoint. They need to match the subresource name | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_private_endpoint_subnet_id"></a> [private\_endpoint\_subnet\_id](#input\_private\_endpoint\_subnet\_id) | Subnet ID associated with the Private Endpoint | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_private_endpoint_subresource_name"></a> [private\_endpoint\_subresource\_name](#input\_private\_endpoint\_subresource\_name) | Subresource name for the Private Endpoint | `string` | `"blob"` | no |
| <a name="input_queues"></a> [queues](#input\_queues) | List of storages queues | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_regex_replace_chars"></a> [regex\_replace\_chars](#input\_regex\_replace\_chars) | Terraform regular expression (regex) string.<br>Characters matching the regex will be removed from the ID elements.<br>If not set, `"/[^a-zA-Z0-9-]/"` is used to remove all characters other than hyphens, letters and digits. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | A container that holds related resources for an Azure solution | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_skuname"></a> [skuname](#input\_skuname) | The SKUs supported by Microsoft Azure Storage. Valid options are Premium\_LRS, Premium\_ZRS, Standard\_GRS, Standard\_GZRS, Standard\_LRS, Standard\_RAGRS, Standard\_RAGZRS, Standard\_ZRS | `string` | `"Standard_RAGRS"` | no |
| <a name="input_stage"></a> [stage](#input\_stage) | ID element. Usually used to indicate role, e.g. 'prod', 'staging', 'source', 'build', 'test', 'deploy', 'release' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_blob_data_contributors"></a> [storage\_blob\_data\_contributors](#input\_storage\_blob\_data\_contributors) | List of principal IDs that will have data contributor role | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_blob_data_readers"></a> [storage\_blob\_data\_readers](#input\_storage\_blob\_data\_readers) | List of principal IDs that will have data reader role | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tables"></a> [tables](#input\_tables) | List of storage tables. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Additional tags (e.g. `{'BusinessUnit': 'XYZ'}`).<br>Neither the tag keys nor the tag values will be modified by this module. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_tenant"></a> [tenant](#input\_tenant) | ID element \_(Rarely used, not included by default)\_. A customer identifier, indicating who this instance of a resource is for | `string` | `null` | no |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_diagnostic_settings"></a> [diagnostic\_settings](#module\_diagnostic\_settings) | claranet/diagnostic-settings/azurerm | 5.0.0 |
| <a name="module_resource_group"></a> [resource\_group](#module\_resource\_group) | getindata/resource-group/azurerm | 1.1.0 |
| <a name="module_storage"></a> [storage](#module\_storage) | kumarvna/storage/azurerm | 2.5.0 |
| <a name="module_this"></a> [this](#module\_this) | cloudposse/label/null | 0.25.0 |
| <a name="module_this_private_endpoint_label"></a> [this\_private\_endpoint\_label](#module\_this\_private\_endpoint\_label) | cloudposse/label/null | 0.25.0 |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#output\_resource\_group\_name) | The name of the resource group in which resources are created |
| <a name="output_storage_account_id"></a> [storage\_account\_id](#output\_storage\_account\_id) | The ID of the storage account. |
| <a name="output_storage_account_name"></a> [storage\_account\_name](#output\_storage\_account\_name) | The name of the storage account. |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | >= 3.0 |

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | >= 3.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_private_endpoint.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.storage_blob_data_readers](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

## CONTRIBUTING

Contributions are very welcomed!

Start by reviewing [contribution guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) and our [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). After that, start coding and ship your changes by creating a new PR.

## LICENSE

Apache 2 Licensed. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for full details.

## AUTHORS

<!--- Replace repository name -->
<a href="https://github.com/getindata/REPO_NAME/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=getindata/terraform-module-template" />
</a>

Made with [contrib.rocks](https://contrib.rocks).
